[ADD] CRM: manage sales teams 17 (#9207)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/crm/pipeline/manage_sales_teams.rst

==================
Manage sales teams
==================

The *Sales Teams* feature within Odoo's *CRM* app allows for the creation and management of multiple

> sales teams, each with their own assignment rules, invoicing targets, and roster of sales people.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sales teams, each with their own assignment rules, invoicing targets, and roster of salespeople.
```
Believe that is one word

> Create a new sales team

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a sales team
```

=======================

To create a new sales team, go to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Configuration --> Sales Teams`, then
click :guilabel:`New`.

On the blank sales team form, enter a name in the :guilabel:`Sales Team` field.

Next, select a :guilabel:`Team Leader` from the drop-down list.

Set an :guilabel:`Email Alias` to automatically generate a lead/opportunity for this sales team
whenever a message is sent to that unique email address. Choose whether to accept emails from
:guilabel:`Everyone`, :guilabel:`Authenticated Partners`, :guilabel:`Followers Only`, or
:guilabel:`Authenticated Employees`.

> 

Reviewer 2: do you think it might be beneficial to mention the 'Company' field -- just for the sake of "full coverage"?
might be nice... 😄

.. image:: manage_sales_teams/sales-team-creation.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The settings page for a new sales team.

.. note::

>    If the *Sales* app is installed on the database, a :guilabel:`Invoicing Target` field appears on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the *Sales* app is installed on the database, an :guilabel:`Invoicing Target` field appears on
```

   the sales team form. This is the revenue target for the current month. The amount entered in this
   field is used to populate the invoicing progress bar on the :ref:`sales team dashboard
   <crm/sales-team-dashboard>`.

> Add members to a sales team

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add sales team members
```

---------------------------

To add team members, click :guilabel:`Add` under the :guilabel:`Members` tab when editing the sales

> team's configuration page. This opens a :guilabel:`Create Sales Team Members` pop-up window.

Reviewer 2: I'm actually seeing this titled: "Add: Salespersons" pop-up window. Can you please ensure to confirm the accuracy of this during your revisions? Thanks

Reviewer 2: It's only when I click 'New' from that first "Add: Salespersons" pop-up window that a 'Create Salespersons' pop-up appears...just something that might be worth a quick double-check on your part during revisions.

Reviewer 2: UPDATE: ohhh okay - so you're note admonition below cleared this up. however, since I ran into this issue at this point in the process, it might be best to move that admonition up to right here

Select a user from the :guilabel:`Salesperson` drop-down list to add them to the team. To prevent
this salesperson from being automatically assigned leads, tick the :guilabel:`Skip auto assignment`
checkbox. If this feature is activated, the salesperson can still be assigned leads manually.

The :guilabel:`Leads (30 days)` field tracks how many leads the salesperson has been assigned in the
past thirty days for this team, and the maximum number of leads they should be assigned. To edit the

> maximum number of leads this salesperson can be assigned, enter the new number in the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
maximum number of leads this salesperson can be assigned, enter that amount in the
```

:guilabel:`Leads (30 days)` field.

.. image:: manage_sales_teams/create-sales-team-members.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Create Sales Team Members pop-up window.

.. tip::
   :doc:`Assignment rules <../track_leads/lead_scoring>` can be configured for individual
   salespeople using the :guilabel:`Domain` section.

Click :guilabel:`Save & Close` when finished, or :guilabel:`Save & New` to add additional members.

.. note::

>    If the :guilabel:`Rule-Based Assignment` feature has **not** been enabled, clicking

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If the :guilabel:`Rule-Based Assignment` feature has **not** been enabled on the *CRM* app's *Settings* page, clicking
```

>    :guilabel:`Add` under the :guilabel:`Members` tab opens a :guilabel:`Add\:\  Salespersons` pop-up

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :guilabel:`Add` under the :guilabel:`Members` tab opens an :guilabel:`Add\:\  Salespersons` pop-up
```

   window. Tick the checkbox to the far-left of the salesperson to be added to the team, then click
   :guilabel:`Select`.

   .. image:: manage_sales_teams/add-salespersons.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The Add: Salespersons pop-up window on a new sales team.

Enable multi teams
==================

To allow salespeople to be assigned to more than one sales team, the :guilabel:`Multi Teams` setting
needs to be enabled. First, navigate to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Configuration --> Settings`.
Under the :guilabel:`CRM` section, tick the checkbox labeled :guilabel:`Multi Teams`. Then, click
:guilabel:`Save` at the top-left of the page.

.. image:: manage_sales_teams/enable-multi-teams.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The settings page of the CRM app with the Multi Teams setting enabled.

.. _crm/sales-team-dashboard:

Sales team dashboard
====================

> To view the sales team dashboard, go to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Sales --> Teams`. Any team a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To view the sales team dashboard, go to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Sales --> Teams`. Any team the
```

user is a member of appears in the dashboard.

.. image:: manage_sales_teams/sales-teams-dashboard.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The sales team dashboard in the CRM app.

Each Kanban card gives an overview of the sales team's open opportunities, quotations, sales orders,

> and expected revenue, as well as a bar graph of new opportunities per week and an invoicing progress

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and expected revenue, as well as a bar graph of new opportunities per week, and an invoicing progress
```

progress bar.

Click the :guilabel:`Pipeline` button to go directly to that team's *CRM* pipeline.

> Click on the :guilabel:`⁝ (vertical ellipsis)` in the top-right corner of the Kanban card to open a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click on the :guilabel:`⁝ (vertical ellipsis)` icon in the top-right corner of the Kanban card to open a
```

> drop-down menu. To view or edit the team's settings, click :guilabel:`Configuration`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
drop-down menu. Then, to view or edit the team's settings, click :guilabel:`Configuration`.
```

==================
Manage sales teams
==================

The *Sales Teams* feature within Odoo's *CRM* app allows for the creation and management of multiple
sales teams, each with their own assignment rules, invoicing targets, and roster of salespeople.

Create a sales team
===================

To create a new sales team, go to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Configuration --> Sales Teams`, then
click :guilabel:`New`.

On the blank sales team form, enter a name in the :guilabel:`Sales Team` field.

Next, select a :guilabel:`Team Leader` from the drop-down list.

Set an :guilabel:`Email Alias` to automatically generate a lead/opportunity for this sales team
whenever a message is sent to that unique email address. Choose whether to accept emails from
:guilabel:`Everyone`, :guilabel:`Authenticated Partners`, :guilabel:`Followers Only`, or
:guilabel:`Authenticated Employees`.

> Select a :guilabel:`Company` from the drop-down to assign this team to. *This field is only visible

Reviewer 3: Add menu :)
```suggestion
Select a :guilabel:`Company` from the drop-down menu to assign this team to.
```

> Select a :guilabel:`Company` from the drop-down to assign this team to. *This field is only visible
> in multi-company databases, and is not required.*

Reviewer 3: Suggestion to move this to a note, and reiterate the field name so there is no confusion :)
```suggestion
Select a :guilabel:`Company` from the drop-down to assign this team to.

.. note::
   The :guilabel:`Company` field is only visible in multi-company databases, and is not required.
```

.. image:: manage_sales_teams/sales-team-creation.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The settings page for a new sales team.

.. note::
   If the *Sales* app is installed on the database, an :guilabel:`Invoicing Target` field appears on
   the sales team form. This is the revenue target for the current month. The amount entered in this
   field is used to populate the invoicing progress bar on the :ref:`sales team dashboard
   <crm/sales-team-dashboard>`.

Add sales team members
----------------------

To add team members, click :guilabel:`Add` under the :guilabel:`Members` tab when editing the sales
team's configuration page. This opens a :guilabel:`Create Sales Team Members` pop-up window.

.. note::
   If the :guilabel:`Rule-Based Assignment` feature has **not** been enabled on the *CRM* app's
   *Settings* page, clicking :guilabel:`Add` under the :guilabel:`Members` tab opens an

>    :guilabel:`Add\:\  Salespersons` pop-up window. Tick the checkbox to the far-left of the
>    salesperson to be added to the team, then click :guilabel:`Select`.

Reviewer 3: You _shouldnt need to_ escape this, were you getting a build error? If not remove the escape and extra space :) 
```suggestion
   :guilabel:`Add: Salespersons` pop-up window. Tick the checkbox to the far-left of the salesperson
   to be added to the team, then click :guilabel:`Select`.
```

Author: yes it only works with the escape or if I don't have a space at all ("Add:Salespersons") which doesn't match the UI and looks wrong. I will try again but it was returning a build error before unless I added the escape and the extra space

>    .. image:: manage_sales_teams/add-salespersons.png

Reviewer 3: I think this image would be more useful if a salesperson was selected, like the instructions detail, this would also allow the **Select** button to not be grayed out
```suggestion
   .. image:: manage_sales_teams/add-salespersons.png
```

      :align: center
      :alt: The Add: Salespersons pop-up window on a new sales team.

Select a user from the :guilabel:`Salesperson` drop-down list to add them to the team. To prevent
this salesperson from being automatically assigned leads, tick the :guilabel:`Skip auto assignment`
checkbox. If this feature is activated, the salesperson can still be assigned leads manually.

> .. image:: manage_sales_teams/create-sales-team-members.png

Reviewer 3: Similarly with this image, I think having a sales team member selected would be useful to show rather than an empty field :)
```suggestion
.. image:: manage_sales_teams/create-sales-team-members.png
```

   :align: center
   :alt: The Create Sales Team Members pop-up window.

The :guilabel:`Leads (30 days)` field tracks how many leads the salesperson has been assigned in the
past thirty days for this team, and the maximum number of leads they should be assigned. To edit the
maximum number of leads this salesperson can be assigned, enter that amount in the :guilabel:`Leads
(30 days)` field.

.. tip::
   :doc:`Assignment rules <../track_leads/lead_scoring>` can be configured for individual
   salespeople using the :guilabel:`Domain` section.

Click :guilabel:`Save & Close` when finished, or :guilabel:`Save & New` to add additional members.

Enable multi teams
==================

> To allow salespeople to be assigned to more than one sales team, the :guilabel:`Multi Teams` setting
> needs to be enabled. First, navigate to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Configuration --> Settings`.
> Under the :guilabel:`CRM` section, tick the checkbox labeled :guilabel:`Multi Teams`. Then, click

Reviewer 3: Remove guilabel on the referenced field that is not part of the current UI
```suggestion
To allow salespeople to be assigned to more than one sales team, the *Multi Teams* setting needs to
be enabled. First, navigate to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Configuration --> Settings`. Under the
:guilabel:`CRM` section, tick the checkbox labeled :guilabel:`Multi Teams`. Then, click
```

:guilabel:`Save` at the top-left of the page.

.. image:: manage_sales_teams/enable-multi-teams.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The settings page of the CRM app with the Multi Teams setting enabled.

.. _crm/sales-team-dashboard:

Sales team dashboard
====================

To view the sales team dashboard, go to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Sales --> Teams`. Any team the
user is a member of appears in the dashboard.

.. image:: manage_sales_teams/sales-teams-dashboard.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The sales team dashboard in the CRM app.

Each Kanban card gives an overview of the sales team's open opportunities, quotations, sales orders,
and expected revenue, as well as a bar graph of new opportunities per week, and an invoicing
progress bar.

Click the :guilabel:`Pipeline` button to go directly to that team's *CRM* pipeline.

> Click on the :guilabel:`⁝ (vertical ellipsis)` icon in the top-right corner of the Kanban card to
> open a drop-down menu. Then, to view or edit the team's settings, click :guilabel:`Configuration`.

Reviewer 3: Feel free to use the FA icon if you'd like! 😄
```suggestion
Click on the :icon:`fa-ellipsis-v` :guilabel:`(vertical ellipsis)` icon in the top-right corner of
the Kanban card to open a drop-down menu. Then, to view or edit the team's settings, click
:guilabel:`Configuration`.
```

.. seealso::

>  - :doc:`../optimize/utilize_activities`
>  - :doc:`../track_leads/lead_scoring`

Reviewer 3: Indent the seealso content to align with the `s` :)
```suggestion
   - :doc:`../optimize/utilize_activities`
   - :doc:`../track_leads/lead_scoring`
```
